Hi, my name is Anna, and I will help you to significantly improve your PowerPoint skills, to create
more powerful presentations and communicate your information in the best possible manner.
This class is split into six parts.
Getting started where I teach you how to manage your PowerPoint working space, as well as become faster
and more efficient in creating slides.
Creating professional templates to automate your presentations and save you time, especially when you
work on the group projects.
Extra skills for template makers.
In this section, you will learn how to program custom color palettes.
And design beautiful color schemes.
Managing photographs in PowerPoint.
Which is crucial to create impressive presentations.
Customizing shapes, pictures and typography in this part of their course.
I will introduce you to the merge shape tools.
And finally, creating impressive animations to bring your slides to the next level.
OK, are you ready?
Let's get it started.